That's right (yo)
Life is funny, ain't it? (Yeah)
Sometimes you can end up with
Somebody you really don't wanna be with
And others left to figure it out (oh, sing it for me, Joe)
Check it

She was more than a woman, a goddess for all it seems
And all I ever needed was her right here loving me
For a while we were cool and the grooving of love was on
But I still remember how it felt when our love was gone

In a tattered picture book (yeah)
Was a photograph she took years ago
Secret memories in her mind (secret memories in her mind)
How could love be so unkind?
Heartbreak time
My heart is breaking, oh

Just in a broken glass
Like a mirror revealing
I see (what the woman is feeling)
Was it someone from a distant past?
Way back time ago
'Cause it's breaking my heart (my heart)
So won't you stare into the glass? (So, help me now)

As she turned through the pages, the tears roll down her face
I can see her reminiscing why her life had to be this way
Then she stopped as she came to a page where her diary ends
To smell the scent of an old rose from her lover, I suppose

In a tattered picture book (tattered picture book)
Was a photograph she took years ago
Secret memories in her mind (secret memories in her mind)
How could love be so unkind?
Heartbreak time

Faded pictures in a broken glass
Like a mirror revealing (like a mirror revealing)
What the woman is feeling
Was it someone from a distant past? (Was it someone from a distant past?)
'Cause it's breaking my heart (it's breaking my heart)
So won't you stare into the glass? (Stare into the glass)

The pictures keep spinning
As she stares into the glass, I'll be waiting
'Cause she's lost inside the past
The pictures keep spinning (spinning, spinning, spinning)
As she stares into the glass, I'll be waiting
'Cause she's lost inside the past (lost inside the past)

Faded pictures in a broken glass (in a broken glass)
Like a mirror revealing
What the woman is feeling
Was it someone from a distant past? (From a distant past)
Way back, long ago ('cause it's breaking my heart)
You're breaking my heart (so won't you stare into the glass?)
You're breaking my heart, girl

Faded pictures in a broken glass (in a broken glass)
Oh, mhm