Spoken : Let me tell you why I love him

Chorus: Cause' he is the truth
Said he is so real
And I love the way he makes me feel.
And if I am a reflection of him then,
I must be fly cause he's light it shines so bright, I wouldn't lie.

I remember the very first day that I saw him.
I found myself immediately intrigued by him.
It's almost like I knew this man from another life.
Like back then maybe I was his husband and maybe he was my wife.
And even the things I don't like about him are fine with me,
because it's not hard for me to understand him because he's so much like me.
And it's truly my pleasure to share his company,
and I know that its God's gift to breath the air he breaths.

Chorus: Cause' he is the truth
Said he is so real
And I love the way he makes me feel.
And if I am a reflection of him then,
I must be fly cause he's light it shines so bright I wouldn't lie.

How can the same man that makes me so mad.
(Spoken) Do you know what he did
Turn right around and kiss me so soft.
(Spoken) Girl, do you know what he did
If he ever. Left me I wouldn't even be sad, no
Cause there's a blessing in every lesson. And I'm glad that I knew him at all.

Chorus: Cause' he is the truth
Said he is so real
And I love the way he makes me feel.
And if I am a reflection of him then,
I must be fly cause he's light it shines so bright I wouldn't lie.

I love the way he speaks
I love the way he thinks
I love the way that he treats his mama
I love that gap in between his teeth
I love him in every way that a woman can love a man
From personal to universal but most of all it's unconditional

(Spoken) You know what I'm talking about
That's the way I feel
(Spoken) and I always will

There ain't no substitute for the truth, either it is or it isn't
Cause' he is the truth.
You see the truth it, needs no proof.
Either it is or it isn't. Cause' he is the truth.
Now you know the truth by the way it feels.
And if I am a reflection of him, then I must be fly.

Cause he is, yes he is. (Echoes) I wonder does he know