You can't roll a blunt to this one
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J
You gotta puff a J on this one
You can't even drink Crist-OWL on this one
You gotta drink Crist-ALL, woo!
Buy some red wine, a little Gaja 9-7 (You're so contagious, I can't take it)
This is for the grown and sexy (Have my baby, let's just make it)

Excuse me, what's your name? (Yeah)
Can I get my grown man on for one second?
'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be hanging with Jay-Z, Jay-Z (So hot to trot)
Lady
Excuse me miss, what's your name?
Can you come, hang with me? (Ooh-oh)
Possibly, can I take you out, tonight?

You already know what it's hittin for
Ma, I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin' on
Armadale poppin' now, only bring a nigga more
Only thing missin' is a Missus
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner
To play spades with the cards up, all trust

Who else you gon' run with, the truth is us
Only dudes movin' units, 'Em, Pimp Juice and us
It's the Roc in here
Maybach outside, got rocks in here
PJ's on the runway, Young got air
I don't land at a airport, I call it the clearport
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more
Back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla

Sexcuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it (I got my Gaja 9-7 on right now)
Lady (You gotta puff a J to this one)
Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name? (Oww)

'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' with Jay-Z, Jay-Z (So hot to trot)
Lady, what's your name?
'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' with Jay-Z, Jay-Z (You're so hot to trot)

Everybody's like, "He's no item, please don't like him"
"He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
Now she don't like him, she never met him
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
Better them than me, she don't agree with him
She's mad at that, he's not havin' that
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets

She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin' along
With a flashy nigga braggin' on the song
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that
He 2-ways her, so she writes back
Smiley faces after all of her phrases
Either she the one or I'm caught in the matrix
But fuck it, let the Fishburne
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon

Sexcuse me, damn
You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it

Lady (You gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's)
Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's, those are shoes by the way
You're so contagious, I can't take it (Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's)
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me, what's your name? You so foxy girl
This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy, uh
Lady, what's your name?
You're so foxy girl
You're so hot to trot

Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one
You can easily get past, but that chapter is done
But I'm done readin' for now
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
But ma' you got a f'real f'serious role
I'm 'bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin'
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name?

Sexcuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Lady
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it

Excuse me, what's your name?
You're so foxy girl
So hot to trot
Lady
What's your name?
You're so foxy girl
You're so hot to trot