Yeah
Ooh, hoo
Well, well, well, well, well, baby
Hoo, hoo baby
Mmm
Listen, baby

(Take one) Baby lyin' on the bed
Exotic fantasies goin' through her head
(Take two) I jump into my SL6
I gotta make my way to the crib mad quick
(Take three) I see my baby as I step inside
She's staring at me with those bedroom eyes
(Take four) Honey sippin' on some Chardonnay
The sex is even better when she's feeling that way

All I want to do right now is love her down (Ooh)
I don't give a damn about who hears the sound (Ooh...)
We'll be in the groove until the sun comes up (Yeah)
Together we'll get lost inside the love

Let's make a love scene, steamy and blue
Erotic memories for an audience of two
And we'll make a love scene, let the foreplay begin
And replay each moment again and again and again

(Take five) The Jacuzzi's just 'bout ready for us
We step into the water and you tremble at my touch
(Take six) I see you gettin' steamin' hot
Girl, it ain't just the bubbles that's been hittin' the spot

Take it off, take it off, take it off till you get enough
(Whoa... whoa... whoa... whoa...)
Anyway that you like, it's okay, come and get my love
(Whoa... oh... ho... ho... yea...)

All I want to do right now is love her down (Love her down)
I don't give a damn about who hears the sound (Hears a sound)
We'll be in the groove until the sun comes up
(Ooh... ooh...)
Together we'll get lost inside the love (Oh, yeah)

Let's make a love scene (Make a love scene), steamy and
Blue (Ooh)
Erotic memories for an audience of two
And we'll make a love scene (We'll make a love scene)
Let the foreplay begin (Oh... ho...)
And replay each moment (Mmm) again and again and again
Ooh, I'm gonna keep lovin', I'm gonna keep lovin' you baby
(When the curtain drops) Oh
We won't stop (We won't stop), we won't stop

(Whoa... oh... baby)
Let's make a love scene (Let's make a love scene)
Steamy and blue
Erotic memories (You got what I need) for an audience of two
And we'll make a love scene (We'll make a love scene)
Let the foreplay begin
(Ooh, baby)
And replay (Yeah) each moment (Oh, oh...) again and
Again and again

Girl, I'm down to take a sip from your cup
If you drink from my fountain of love (Oh, ho)
Girl I'm down to take a sip from your cup (From your cup)
If you drink from my fountain of love
'69 was a very good year (Do you remember, girl)
If you know what I mean, my dear (Ooh, baby)
'69 was a very good year (I could remember)
If you know what I mean, my dear (Let's do it over and
Over again)

Let's make a love scene (Let's make a love scene)
Steamy and blue (Let's do it on the floor)
Erotic memories for an audience of two
And we'll make a love scene (Alright)