Tell me who kept you in your right mind? Nobody but (Jesus)
Tell me who sees every tear you cry? Nobody but (Jesus)

That's why we got to praise him
(We've got to praise and lift up the Lord)
There are so many reasons to give God the glory
(We've got to praise and lift the Savior up), oh
Come on and help me lift the savior up, yeah

Tell me who has the power to conquer the storm? Nobody but Jesus (mm-mm)
I'm a witness that He'll save your soul, nobody but (Jesus)

We've got to praise (we've got to praise and lift up the Lord), oh, yeah
Because greater is He that lives in me than He that's in the world
(We've got to praise and lift the Savior up)
Somebody help me praise His name

No one can compare (nobody)
Who else would die for my sin? (Nobody)
Who has the power over death? Nobody (nobody)
Who heals my body? Nobody (nobody)

Nobody but Jesus (nobody but Jesus)
No, no, no, no, no, nobody (nobody but Jesus)
Tell me, who did it for you? (Nobody but Jesus)
Who made a way for you? Tell me (nobody but Jesus)
Tell me who saved your soul? (Nobody)
Who made you whole? (Nobody)
Nobody's greater than you (nobody)
Oh, I searched all over (nobody)

Yes, I know nobody can do it
He is (He is) the only one worthy (the only one worthy)
He is (He is) the only one worthy (the only one worthy)
I searched high and low (He is), He's the only one worthy (the only one worthy)
Tell somebody (the only one worthy)
He's the only one (the only one worthy)

(He's the only one) only one
(He's the only one)
When I couldn't do it for myself (He's the only one)
He's the only one (He's the only one)
The one that healed me (He's tHe only one)
The one that delivered (He's the only one), when nobody do it (He's the only one)
When nobody see me (He's the only one), listen

Nobody (nobody), but Jesus (but Jesus)
Nobody (nobody), but Jesus (but Jesus)
Nobody can heal (nobody), like you do (but Jesus), say as you sing
Hey (nobody), hey, hey (but Jesus), oh
No, no, no (nobody), not my mother (nobody), not my father (nobody)
Not my sisters (nobody) nor my brothers (nobody)
Nobody (nobody)
Somebody shout it (nobody but Jesus), ooh-ooh, yeah