Ladies and gentlemen
It's my pleasure to introduce to you
He's a friend of mine (yes, yes I am)
And he goes by the name, haha, Justin (whoa)

All the way from Memphis, Tennessee
And he got somethin' special for y'all tonight
He gon' sing a song for y'all, about this girl
(Come in right here?) Yeah, come on, eh

On that sunny day, didn't know I'd meet
Such a beautiful girl, walkin' down the street
Seen those bright brown eyes, with tears coming down (so he said to himself)
She deserves a crown, but where is it now? Mama, listen

Señorita, I feel for you
You deal with things that you don't have to
He doesn't love ya, I can tell by his charm
But you could feel this real love if you just lay in my

Runnin' fast in my mind, girl, won't you slow it down?
If we carry on this way, this thing might leave the ground
How would you like to fly? That's how my queen should ride
But you still deserve the crown, well, hasn't it been found?
Mama, listen

Señorita, I feel for you (feel for you)
You deal with things, that you don't have to (no, no)
He doesn't love ya, I can tell by his charm (he don't love ya, baby)
But you could feel this real love (feel it), if you just lay in my

Ah, ah (oh), arms (won't you lay in my)
Ah, ah (ho), arms (mama, lay in my)
Ah, ah (bring it down, ho), arms (baby, won't you lay in my)
Ah, ah (ho), arms

When I look into your eyes (just listen, baby)
I see something that money can't buy (just hear me, baby, oh)
And I know if you give us a try (I want you, girl)
I'll work harder for you, girl (whoa, oh)
And no longer will you ever have to cry

Señorita, I feel for you (ah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You deal with things (deal with things) that you don't have to (don't have to, oh)
He doesn't love ya, I can tell by his charm (no-oh)
But you could feel this real love (feel it), if you just lay in my

Ah (woah), ah (ho), arms (sing it)
Ah, ah (ho), arms (ah, baby)
Ah, ah, arms (ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah)
Ah, ah (ho), arms

When I look into your eyes (Just listen, baby)
I see something that money can't buy (just hear me, baby, oh)
And I know if you give us a try (I want you, girl)
I'll work harder for you, girl (whoa, oh), you won't ever cry

Now listen, I wanna try some right now
See they don't do this anymore (yeah)
I'ma sing somethin' and I want the guys to sing with me

They go, "It feels like somethin's heatin' up, can I leave with you?"
And then the ladies go, "I don't know what I'm thinkin' 'bout really leavin' with you"
(Guys, sing) it feels like somethin's heatin' up, can I leave with you?
(And ladies) I don't know what I'm thinkin' 'bout really leavin' with you
Feels good, don't it? Come on
It feels like somethin's heatin' up (c'mon), can I leave with you? (Yeah, my ladies)
I don't know what I'm (show the good in me) thinkin' 'bout really leavin' with you
Sing it one more time, guys

It feels like somethin's heatin' up (yeah), can I leave with you? (And ladies)
I don't know what I'm thinkin' 'bout (yeah-yeah) really leavin' with you
It feels like somethin's heatin' up (oh), can I leave with you? (Ladies)
I don't know what I'm thinkin' 'bout (real serious) really leavin' with you

Gentlemen, good night, ladies
Good morning (uh-huh), haha
And that's it