[Talking: Usher]
Hey I know what your use to but we gone do something different tonight.

[Verse 1:]
Now we gone do this thing a little different tonight. You gone come over and pick me up in your ride. You gone knock then you gone wait, ooh you gone take me on a date. You gonna open my door and I'm a reach over and open yours. Gone pay for dinner, take me to see a movie and whisper in my ear how bad you really wanna do me. Girl now take me home and get up in my pants, pour me up a shot and force me to the bed.

[Hook:]
I'm always on the top tonight I'm on the bottom, cause we tradin places. When I can't take no more tell you ain't stopin, cause we tradin places. Now put it on me baby til I say ooh wee and tell me to shut up before the neighbors hear me. This is how it feels when you do it like me, were tradin places. Gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, were tradin places.

[Verse 2:]
I'll be waking you up to a cup of folders, pancakes and eggs, I ow you breakfast in bed oh baby and your orange juice sittin on the coaster. Toast on the side baby, strawberry and grape jelly. You finish let me get that drink, pull the curtain from the windows, time to get up, baby let me make this bed up yeah. Today we going shopin, blowin thirty on me, make it sixty spend it like you really love me. Skip dinner and we gone rent a movie, you order chinese food right before you do me. You comin on strong, baby let me wash my hands, she said hurry then get yo ass in bed.

[Hook:]
You get on top tonight I'm on the bottom cause we tradin places. When I can't take no more tell you ain't stopin, cause we tradin places. Now put it on me baby til I say ooh wee and tell me to shut up before the neighbors hear me. This is how it feels when you do it like me, were tradin places. Gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, gone get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, were tradin places.

[Break down:]
(Yeah) Wash the car (yeah) I'm gonna walk the dog {yeah} take out the trash {yeah} with nothing but your t-shirt on {ooh ooh yeah} I'm gonna press your shirt {yeah} gone wrinkle mines up {yeah} in the kitchen going crazy we don't give a whaaaaaaat. Where you want me, oh oooh oh, oh oh oh baby, give it to me fast baby baby.

[Hook:]
You get on top tonight I'm on the bottom, cause we tradin places. When I can't take no more, you say you ain't stopin, cause we tradin places.

Now we gone do this thing a little different tonight, tradin places. Stay tuned to part two, you've been me and I've been you, but we gone switch this thing back, I'm a put it on yo ass